fix: various typos fixed (#55277)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/641da4b16937be43ba24c63d.md

assert.match(code, /fetch\(\s*('|"|`)https:\/\/cdn\.freecodecamp\.org\/curriculum\/news\-author\-page\/authors\.json\1\s*\)\s*\.then\(\s*(\(\s*res\s*\)|res)\s*=>\s*res\.json\(\s*\)\s*\)\s*\.then\(\s*(\(\s*data\s*\)|data)\s*=>\s*\{\s*\n?\s*?console\.log\(\s*data\s*\)\s*;?\s*\}\s*\)/)
```

> Your second `.then()` should not have semi-colon after it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your second `.then()` should not have a semicolon after it.
```
